README.md, before:

# Donation/Pay Page Template

'Donation/Pay Page' is a Jeykll donation page template that allows you to accept [Stripe Checkout](https://stripe.com/checkout) payments on a static Jekyll site using [BowTie.io](https://bowtie.io) product records. This template is meant as a learning resource. It is compatible with other BowTie components and templates, and the BowTie test environment.

This template includes components for Stripe checkout buttons, authorship, category sorting, [disqus](https://disqus.com/) commenting, [addthis](http://www.addthis.com/) social sharing, error pages, a maintenance page, terms of service generation, post archives, google maps, and user management and registration provided by BowTie.

The theme uses [jquery](https://jquery.com/), [bootstrap](http://getbootstrap.com/), [fontawesome](https://fortawesome.github.io/Font-Awesome/), and a custom theme styles written in [SCSS](http://sass-lang.com/).  

### [View Example Site](https://donations.bowtied.io/)


## Documentation
This template is compatible with Jekyll 3.x. Jekyll will interpret liquid, markdown, and  standard HTML. For information on using Jekyll see the [Jekyll documentation](http://jekyllrb.com/). For thorough documentation of this template and the added BowTie features, view the [BowTie docs](https://bowtie.io/docs/#projects).

## Usage

Copy the desired contents of this repo to your local development environment and push the files to your remote branch.

BowTie builds Jekyll when content is pushed to your repository.

This template can be deployed automatically from the BowTie 'Add Project' interface available at [https://bowtie.io/projects/new](https://bowtie.io/projects/new), or can be pushed to your repository manually.  

_NOTE: This repo does not contain the settings.json file installed during BowTie project creation. You will need the settings.json file in order to build the project on push and to run the [local client](https://github.com/bowtie-io/bowtie-io)._

Commit message:

Moving to 0.0.3, Replacing components with versions designed for use with the BowTie Collection Editor, Reworking sample content

README.md, after:

# Donation/Pay Page Template

'Donation/Pay Page' is a Jeykll donation page template that allows you to accept [Stripe Checkout](https://stripe.com/checkout) payments on a static Jekyll site using [BowTie.io](https://bowtie.io) product records. This template is meant as a learning resource. It is compatible with other BowTie components and templates, and the BowTie test environment.

Content in this template is editable via the [BowTie Collection Editor](https://bowtie.io/help/working-with-jekyll-collections-bowtie/).

This template includes components for Stripe checkout buttons, authorship, category sorting, [disqus](https://disqus.com/) commenting, [addthis](http://www.addthis.com/) social sharing, error pages, a maintenance page, terms of service generation, post archives, google maps, and user management and registration provided by BowTie.

The theme uses [jquery](https://jquery.com/), [bootstrap](http://getbootstrap.com/), [fontawesome](https://fortawesome.github.io/Font-Awesome/), and a custom theme styles written in [SCSS](http://sass-lang.com/).  

### [View Example Site](https://donations.bowtied.io/)


## Documentation
This template is compatible with Jekyll 3.x. Jekyll will interpret liquid, markdown, and  standard HTML. For information on using Jekyll see the [Jekyll documentation](http://jekyllrb.com/). For thorough documentation of this template and the added BowTie features, view the [BowTie docs](https://bowtie.io/docs/#projects).

## Usage

Copy the desired contents of this repo to your local development environment and push the files to your remote branch.

BowTie builds Jekyll when content is pushed to your repository.

This template can be deployed automatically from the BowTie 'Add Project' interface available at [https://bowtie.io/projects/new](https://bowtie.io/projects/new), or can be pushed to your repository manually.  

_NOTE: This repo does not contain the settings.json file installed during BowTie project creation. You will need the settings.json file in order to build the project on push and to run the [local client](https://github.com/bowtie-io/bowtie-io)._
